I saw Jane two weeks ago at the rodeo
look at me do I look like a Korean we
may love our country who we want
something better for ourselves I'm gonna
be a rodeo queen this year I'm gonna win
that crown I think something might have
happened AJ give me a call
all right about you J and she has long
brown hair her back door was open
she's not a runaway no she's she's
missing do you know this woman you best
stop looking for your friend she's the
table if I see this girl hi Sarah she's
still missing
have you seen Jane Avira from Jane
burden she was cold
I'm strong like I save up my mind
I saw line you up I got something that
will help you find Jane
[Music]
you're lost aren't you there are two
types of people in this world those who
are lost and powerless okay
and those who have found their place
you can be part of something the
American Dream I've been tazed
for months
the American Dream has been taken away
from me
you